I have right here at hand if you
want us to comment on it, what is
Raquel's statement,
which is a video that has been discussed
quite a bit because it is striking, to say the
least, a question if I have this is
Spain, right,
but before a letter rogatory it
means that a request is made from
abroad, the prosecutors
to Madrid in this case and in front of a
Spanish judge who is not judging,
obviously he is simply acting
as the
conductor of that testimony proceeding.
Well, those who are sitting there on
this side are the prosecutors, those who are in
front of the prosecutors is the translator
and the one who is sitting with her arms open like this,
let's listen a little bit,
is what they asked you previously, they ask you
please, please look
please,
in another way, please answer the
points that they are going to ask you because
then they are simply asking
[Music]
that they carried out in June about
possible reasons for fights between
you, of
bad mood between you, you
answered no, that there was
indeed a reason Mario
for the performance, I
don't remember
[Music]
the blue question
Mario probably feels that the lady
has made a
telephone call
question arises from the fact that Mario
completely hacked your
phone into your
computer and they
ask if you know knew about that
husband had done
computer has recovered bisono you
have relations
[Music]
you had extramarital relations
and that is why you fought continuously according to
according to the investigations on messages
and calls
of the relationship and sentimental and see that
we are not interested in
a moment of the homicide not so much if
you had not had that they do not ask you
about that but if your husband thought at any
given moment that you had
finished arguments
[Music]
here we have two things we have what
Raquel says here we have what
Santina says let's see why I say what
Santina says because according to Santina she
tells us Santina this event happens
in her house or rather it happens in her house on
Christmas Eve
so here you can heat up you cannot
believe what I have said before it is not a
question of each one is free to
love whoever they want does not find out what it
says is that when Mario makes that
backup of those phones on his
computer that you have in the clicks
placed one of them from my documentary you
have it placed when he
discovers  some messages I'm talking about what
Santina says I'm not saying more
than what she did Mario discovers some
messages in which well Raquel
no not being with Mario but
apparently she was in a relationship with another
person being with another person something like
that explains Santina okay And this causes
anger And a fight and an argument
between a reactionary in the same house as
Santina which makes Raquel lock herself
in the bathroom crying and such this passage is
told by San so what he wants to say
here there is something very clear between Raquel
or my aunt there is no more because the same
event told by two people
but you know what guy that maybe I
repeat the same thing as before that maybe
I It's that I am super mega well
thought out with people but the thing is that I
am watching This video and of course I am
reading the people in the arrogance cachi
you in a trial I don't know what it is that the
first thing is that it is not a trial okay this
is a testimony it is not a not a
trial okay but anyway even if it
were a trial the judges must be
respected and you must give them their place
when they are interrogating you in this
case the one who is  interrogating
I imagine it will be the lawyer for the
other party or whatever but I understand
they are the two prosecutors in the case who have
pursued crimes such as the
Sicilian mafia my goodness but I
understand her attitude because what she
is complaining about there is that she does
not want to give details that that
has nothing to do with the issue that she does not
want to give details and that fight with her
boyfriend over another third person
extraordinary So there is no need to get
so angry in the courtroom first what
you say have respect for authority
and then to say the technique of I don't
remember I don't remember that we know
in all it is the main advice that
the lawyer gives you when you do not know what to
say to you I don't remember I don't remember Well
then there is no need to
get angry I don't remember I don't remember
asked I don't remember the question
according to the question of I don't remember there is no
need to get angry nor does it seem that you
are on a television show or think
that you are above
Well in fact There the video is not complete
because there comes a moment when the
prosecutors remind him that it is a house
an open case and  wanted for
murder and that she should be very careful
because she's talking to two prosecutors
okay So of course no no
I'm with Javier but let's
see who has the balls to walk into
a room and talk like that to two prosecutors who have
just arrived from Palermo and I
would have done it in a more assertive way
I would have done it in a more
assertive way because more flies are married with
honey than with vinegar it's not said but I
understand I want I want to understand the
situation that she's going through no and it
's a fact that we are watching
This video with her statement So
if she
had suddenly said look Well look I'm going to be
honest I'm going to collaborate and since I have
nothing to hide I'm going to tell you Look, I
have this photograph Well I have
this thing we wouldn't have found out because
the video So I think that's where
this attitude goes
no no but to a certain extent because
Of course if you compare it like I have done
on my channel you go to my channel and you will have
the comparison between 2014 and 2016 and they are
absolutely opposite So I
mean man
from having selective memory in 2014 to
having  no memory in 2016 man,
well, let's see that in the end
the anger of the people, that's why I always
say Raquel has been her worst enemy or she has
had bad
legal guidance or she herself. I think that she has not
known what a judicial chamber means
and one and how serious it could be to
incur in false testimony. No.
Then
I believe and I repeat and reiterate I am with you
but I am going to tell you both Javi. In
how many trials have you testified,
a few? Okay,
then as a witness in some as an
investigated person,
well civil lawsuits are not called
investigated. No, yes, but we are talking
about a crime of murder, eh,
of that caliber, luckily and I hope it
continues like this for life, no
criminal cases, whether as a witness or as an
accused, never criminal cases as
witnesses, yes, as a witness, okay. I
report, I report
as an instructor of proceedings, I have had
as a qualified witness, which is what
the police are, I have had to testify
as an expert in my [ __ ] life, would it occur to me to
speak in that tone to their lordships, very
angry that you are, no matter how indignant, no matter how
much because at no time  she is
asked no trick questions at any
time is anything said to her that is
prejudicial to her because if not Javier
would not have testified as a witness he would have
testified as the accused Okay so that is why she is
reminded on several
occasions that be careful because he is
being a witness and that her obligation
is to declare what she knows or what she knows and that's it and that is
why when they put her against the
wall, which does not happen
only to her but to many witnesses,
is when she says I don't remember
and that's it and then to talk about it
another one who is also a witness is the
cousin okay It is that
in addition it is to say I mean she says I do
n't want them to talk about my private life
And such But it is that it does not matter or it is so much
to know if or to try to clarify
if it could have been a homicide or it
could have been that she has taken her way of
life voluntarily we will have to see
what happens in that private life a person
takes their life for something that has
happened to them in their privacy I mean I mean they do
not take their life because I do not know
because they are watching a movie that gives in
that way no So it is normal to
investigate people's private lives
to see what happened to that person
So it's normal he can't
tell me no more than that my private life is
fine but the fact is that he took his own life
because of something that happened to him not
supposing that he would have taken it
So you see it as absurd to obstruct
justice in that sense to know
whether he took it or if they
took it from him no in the end it would be the same
question
it's understandable Oscar Since I
discovered you since I discovered your book and
I have a question all this decision and
incision in this case is due
to alopecia
because I'm not bald
ah but I say it's some kind of joke Maybe
you get your followers
Or is it that they're trolling you
well I'm bald maybe I do have
tickets but I'm not bald but we're
at five euros Thank you very much for
your five euros I really
Turkey no
well calling it the same thing it's worth the same
in Spain as in Turkey So
stretch a little more and more if you're going to be disrespectful
Please ban her
look eh if it's about disrespecting me
I don't give a damn but no  I'll
invite you another day I'll invite you another day so we can
talk about other topics, not for which I
really appreciate it, but notice the
difference, I don't get angry over a
stupid thing, but I do get angry when people
talk lightly about the
judicial death of a person when you
have no idea, because of the pain of the
families, not so much for me because I do
empathize with the pain of the families
because it has happened to me many times.
Unfortunately, to give the serious news of
death, I ask you, I apologize
for the super chat. I wish.
Look, I'm more bothered by this so-and-so, I don't
know what the hell his name was, than this
nonsense about alopecia. Hey, thank you very much
for the five euros, Javier.
If one day I need to go to
Turkey, I'll tell you, but with five euros I'll
tell him that he won't have enough.
I don't think so, I don't think that even for
the consultation,
for the competition,
or for anything.